
Please find below the test case description according to my analysis:

1. Login Page Tests - In the scenario I have created 6 test cases which are mentioned below:

    a. Test Case 1 - This is a prositive scenario with an existing user who is trying to login to application with valid email id and password.
                     As the user is using valid credentials, it logs in successfully and after that I am verifying the page title. Then I have
                     also intergrated the signout functionality in this to veriy that sign out button is also present.

    b. Test Case 2 - This is a negative scenario where user is trying to sign in using wrong password. As the credentials are not correct, system
                     displayes the generic 'error Invalid email or password.'

    c. Test Case 3 - This is also a negative scenario where user is trying to sign in without providing Email Id. As there is no email id provided
                     system displayes error message as 'Please enter a valid email address'

    d. Test Case 4 - This is also a negative scenario where user is trying to sign in but the Email Id format is not correct. As email id format is
                     not correct, system displayes error message as 'Please enter a valid email address'

    e. Test Case 5 - This is again a negative scenario where user is trying to sign in but does not provide the password. As password is not
                     provided, system displayes error message as 'This field cannot be blank'

    f. Test Case 6 - This is a positive scenario where user forgot the password and trying to access the forgot password link. Here I am clicking
                     on Forgot Password link and then providing the email id of the user to get the forgot password link. I am here validating
                     the text after user submits email id.


2. Google Page Title Tests - In this scenario I have created 2 test cases which are mentioned below:

    a. Test Case 1 - This is a positive scenario where user is trying to access google.com. As the Url is correct and working, user gets a
                     prositive response and then I vlaidate the title of the page.

    b. Test Case 2 - This is a negative scenario where user is trying to access stg-google.com, which is a non existing environment. When user
                     sends the request Cypress is unable to vlaidate the Url hence test fails.